[DLK-1754] add doc for query timeouts (#7313)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/cloud_ingestion/overview.md

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Avoiding timeouts for data warehouse queries

We recommend that queries be completed within one hour for optimal performance and to avoid potential errors. If queries exceed this timeframe, consider reviewing your data warehouse configuration. Optimizing resources allocated to your warehouse can help improve query execution speed. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To ensure optimal performance and avoid potential errors, we recommend that queries complete within one hour. If you encounter queries exceeding this timeframe, consider reviewing your data warehouse configuration. Optimizing resource allocated to your warehouse can help improve query execution speed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure optimal performance and avoid potential errors, we recommend that queries complete within one hour. If you encounter queries exceeding this timeframe, consider reviewing your data warehouse configuration. Optimizing resource allocated to your warehouse can help improve query execution speed. 
```

> To ensure optimal performance and avoid potential errors, we recommend that queries complete within one hour. If you encounter queries exceeding this timeframe, consider reviewing your data warehouse configuration. Optimizing resource allocated to your warehouse can help improve query execution speed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that queries be completed within one hour for optimal performance and to avoid potential errors. If queries exceed this timeframe, consider reviewing your data warehouse configuration. Optimizing resources allocated to your warehouse can help improve query execution speed. 
```
